Visual Layout

Use of stacked bars to represent both survival and death rates in a single bar is the ideal choice for representing the Titanic data because
they communicate more than other methods. A stacked bar reveals 4 things: how many people died, how many people survived, the total of the category of 
people represented by the bar, and the size of that category compared to the other categories. This helps us understand the significance
of percentage of people saved, as percentage doesn't tell the whole story. The number of people in a category compared to the number
of people in other categories (eg number of 1st class passengers versus 3rd class) plays a significant role in determining the significance
of survival percentage. Additionally, the length of stacked bars with labeled axes helps communicate the the sheer number of people onboard, especially
when comparing small and relatively large values, such as the survival by age comparison.

Controlling Elements

Class button
Organizing survival rates by class enables us to answer the question of whether wealthier passangers were significantly more likely
to survive than poor passengers. From observing the chart it does seem that first class had the highest survival rate, but this
doesn't tell the entire story. First class had the lowest number of people travelling, so survival rates for first class could be 
partly due to this. Secondly, The number of survivors from first class is not greatly different than survival rates from the other
classes, not seeming to differ by more than 100 people. Although there may have been a statistically significant difference in survival
from first class, the difference is not dramatically so.

Age Button
This visualization answers the question of how many children survived, relative to adults. This helps answer the question by bringing 
to attention the small number of children onboard, appearing to be about 100. Of those 100 about half survived, while for the adults
about a third survived. We could conclude from this alone that children were significantly more likely to survive than adults.  

Sex Button
Those who have seen the James Cameron film may believe that saving women was a priority and so women survived at a greater rate than men.
At first glance this graph seems to suggest the opposite, about an equal number of men and women survived. What the visualization reveals 
is that there were significantly more men than women onboard, with total men outnumbering women by about 4:1. Knowing this and knowing that 
about the same number of men and women survived, we could conclude that women were far more likely to survive than men.


